---
id: 817
title_uk: ""
title_en: "About the National Academy of the Security Service of Ukraine"
date: "2025-09-30"
excerpt_uk: ""
excerpt_en: ""
image: "n_817_20219836.jpg"
images: ["n_817_20219836.jpg", "n_817_25615634.jpg", "n_817_22552379.jpg", "n_817_91029641.jpg", "n_817_41579152.jpg", "n_817_55691443.jpg", "n_817_95982485.jpg", "n_817_71871588.jpg", "n_817_29705886.jpg"]
category: 0
categories_pages: [8]
hide: false
views: 53
important: false
highlight: false
translation_needed: false
---

<!-- UA -->


<!-- EN -->
The National Academy of the Security Service of Ukraine provides the training needed to become an SSU officer. This is the only higher educational institution in Ukraine in this field.

Cadets and students learn to counter not only existing but also potential threats to national security.

The Academy has developed a unique curriculum that combines legal, special and language training (11 foreign languages). Аmong its current specialties are national security, cyber security and law with regards to counter intelligence etc. During their training at the Academy, the cadets master more than 40 disciplines.

The curriculum is constantly being updated in response to emerging security trends. The operational and service skills of the Academy's graduates meet the needs of the modern global world.

The higher educational institution has a powerful scientific unit. Specialists study International best practice in defending national statehood and combating terrorism, ensuring information security, counter-intelligence and subversive activities.

The Academy is comprised of:

*Educational and Research Institute of Humanities

Educational and Research Institute of State Security

Educational and Research Institute of Information Security and Strategic Communications

Scientific and Organizational Center*

**Center for Educational Activities Management**

Many Academy graduates are now heads of departments in the SSU and other law enforcement agencies.

Receiving a higher education opens the way for development and career growth for SSU officers.
